Sql part 4 (#30)
LaunchCodeEducation/data-analysis-wiki: SQL-Part-4.md

# SQL Part 4

## In the prep work for this class, the students learned:

1. What subqueries are and how they are structured.
1. Differences between correlated and non-correlated subqueries.
1. Differences between subqueries and nested-subqueries.

> 1. Differences between `UNION`, `INTERSECT`, `EXCEPT`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Differences between `UNION`, `INTERSECT`, and `EXCEPT`.
```

## Announcements
1. Always check with your program manager to see if there are any upcoming deadlines you should highlight!

## Large Group Time (Instructor)

### Topics That Require Careful Attention
1. Q & A from the prep work and/or exercises.
1. Learners may struggle to understand the differences between correlated and non-correlated or self-contained subqueries. This may require additional attention during lecture!
  - It may be useful to include more examples or use cases for both

## Studio (IA Notes)

> 1. Students will be working with the `BooksDB` dataset from lesson 10. They should already have access to this but ensure they have the necessary permissions to perform queries against the database!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Students will be working with the `BooksDB` dataset from previous lessons. They should already have access to this but ensure they have the necessary permissions to perform queries against the database!
```
